I just got this game installed prince of
persia 2008 now this gave me sick if you
watch the trailer it looks fucking tight
ok the way I install this is I used wine
of course because Y has to do everything
with the windows shit right now you also
need to solve front end to wine play on
linux now play on legs use the scripts
to install either softwares or games and
these scripts will make your life easier
because the scripts does every
configurations for you so basically all
you gotta do is a like you were doing
windows click Next or you know I agree
to this bullshit and that bullshit
that's basically all you gotta do that
you don't really have to configure
anything
now you click on install here they give
you a list of stuff you can install so
it's limited to what it has on here
right let's say you people still need
microsoft office or something some
people study itunes and have some other
shit but the games is where is that ok
now they have a list of games here
alright and see this is my game so now
they're going to give you a brief info
on the game and a little hike on or
something and I give you like a rating I
think this rating is based on the script
ok not on the game itself put it on the
script so so when you click apply it's
gonna you know do the same shit that you
dis on windows however the first thing
the probably gonna tell you to do is
install windows fonts and all you got to
do is click on next to install it and
also direct x 9 because you need that to
run games and that's an easy process to
is the same thing let's click Next
and after that install the game and
basically the same shit and click next
and that's why the scripts are there it
does all the shit's for you and that's
why I dig it and I got it to work you
know before it it wasn't that great you
know now they have a list of games here
but keep in mind this these crypts are
not perfect so you either lucky or not
okay and some of them are really shitty
you know you get the wrong script or
that thing's not perfect they your a
games not going to run okay or your
software is not going to run so that's
just keep that in mind try on air okay
now this is perfect if you your games
work if it does your games doesn't have
any scripts you might have to try on
this thing in here
run non-official scripts now the
non-official scripts you can probably
get some in the forums okay so you can
give that a try if your software or your
games not in there and go go look in the
forums and ask them you know where I get
this or search google or something then
someone might have it and that's
basically this game now before this
program does not have a mounting drive
or something they only asked you for CDs
only right or your disks your physical
disks and that's stupid because nowadays
nobody wants to put your put this in the
fucking CD because that's that's a waste
of time most of us have iso image on
your computer right now if you want to
do that you could now because they
updated their software you will need a a
stone is 02 ok and then you mount your
shit right now if you don't know this
program just watch my other video and
you get it
now with a stone all you gotta do is
when they ask you where is the fucking
game set or where's the software at
you're going to point it to your a stone
virtual drive or if you have a cd-rom
just pointing to the cd-rom that's all
you got to do if you want to do those
steps okay so yeah I dig this program
now because it actually works for me now
before I didn't recommend it because I
didn't get shit to work so I go check it
out I support them now